Update training site (#25474)
idaholab/moose: modules/doc/content/training/more_detail/2024_04_02-04_OSU.md

!style! halign=left
!include training/more_detail/generic_moose_training.md
!style-end!

- MOOSE training will be conducted in the Memorial Union
- Room Capacity is 40. [More details of the room](https://mu.oregonstate.edu/reservations).

#### Getting to Corvallis

!style! halign=left
+Flying:+ There are two commercial options:
!style-end!

- Portland International Airport (PDX), located 1.5 hours North of Corvallis
- Eugene (EUG) located 45 minutes south of Corvallis.

+Rental Cars:+ Are available from both PDX and EUG.

+Shuttle Service:+ Groome Transportation service is available to and from:

- Portland International Airport (PDX)
- Eugene Airport (EUG)

  - The shuttle will take you directly to the OSU campus and hotels. Reservations are required and
    can be made online or by phone at (877) 693-3785.

#### Venue Information

- Address

  ```pre
  Memorial Union, Oregon State University
  2501 SW Jefferson Way, Corvallis, OR 97331
  ```

- Parking:

  - Parking passes are required 7am to 5pm M-F and may be purchased in advance for all lots, and
    on-site for spaces near the football stadium. For more information visit the OSU parking
    website.

- Walking:

>   - The venue is a beautiful 0.5 mile walk form the Hilton Garden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The venue is a beautiful 0.5 mile walk from the Hilton Garden Inn.
```
